Week 4: Wireframing Exercise

Business: Deep Lagoon Hotel
Website: http://deeplagoonhotel.com (no website, just domain)
Location: San Juan Del Sur, Nicaragua
Client Name: Samantha Rogers and Tim Smith

About the clients: Samantha is a 35 year-old woman originally from Toronto, and Tim is 40 and an Australian. They met while traveling in Nicaragua and after a few years dating long distance, they both moved to Nicaragua to open Deep Lagoon Hotel. They’ve been running Deep Lagoon for seven years now. Since they opened, they’ve been getting by with just their TripAdvisor profile, but last year they completed a major renovation that added 10 bedrooms to Deep Lagoon. As a result, they’re looking to improve their web presence so that the Hotel can be at capacity more often. Samantha and Tim have a number of contractors who work with them at the Hotel and help to maintain the property and the grounds.

About the Business: Deep Lagoon is a “boutique hostel” located near San Juan Del Sur, a beach town and surfer’s paradise in Nicaragua. They bought the hotel from an older couple seven years ago and operated it on an “as is” bases for six years – capacity was 20 people in 10 double rooms. Last year, they decided to undergo a renovation and doubled their capacity – they now have 20 double rooms for a total capacity of 40 people. They operate a small restaurant on the property that serves breakfast, lunch and dinner daily, and they also sell beer, wine and cocktails, all of which are charged to guests on a per consumption basis.

They have a pool and walking access to the beach (about a 10 minute walk) and occasionally plan activities for guests, such as yoga. Now that their capacity is increased, Samantha predicts that more and more of their business will come from wellness retreats. They rent surfboards to guests, as well.

Deep Lagoon Website Requirements (according to Samantha and Tim):
Please design a simple logo that we can use on the website and elsewhere
We’d like the whole website to be on one page
We’d love photos of the property and grounds to be a main focus of the website
We’d like people to be able to book rooms via our website
We are on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and TripAdvisor
People can subscribe to our newsletter
We need a section “About Us”
We need a “Contact Us” section and a section for testimonials


Here’s the copy we’ll use:
H1: Escape to Deep Lagoon in Nicaragua


About us:
Deep Lagoon is a boutique hostel located in San Juan Del Dur, Nicaragua, a surfer’s paradise. Located amongst two acres of tropical lush gardens, the hotel is perched on a hill only ten minutes from the beach. Guests can swim in the pool or take the stairs carved into the rock down to the cove to surf, hang out on the beach or for snorkeling on the reef.
(70 WORDS)

Our hostel restaurant is called The Rum Room, and we serve breakfast, lunch and dinner daily, as well as drinks from 11 am until midnight. Outdoor yoga classes are offered weekly.
(30 WORDS)

Consistently ranked one of the top boutique hostels in Nicaragua, Deep Lagoon was awarded the #1 Hostel in Nicaragua in Travel + Leisure’s "World's Best Awards" in August 2013. At the World Travel Awards, Deep Lagoon won the coveted "Central America's Leading Boutique Hostel" in October 2011 and "Nicaragua's Leading Boutique Hostel" in October 2012. In addition, Deep Lagoon was also voted the  #1 "Best Value Hotel in Central America" in Travel + Leisure's March 2012 "World's Best Value Awards". Deep Lagoon is also honored to have been recognized as a standard bearer for responsible tourism for its work in Community Building in winning a Travel + Leisure Global Vision Award in October 2012.
(108 WORDS)

The hostel is located in the hills just north of San Juan Del Sur, two and a half miles north of the city centre. The hostel is situated on the western most point of Nicaragua – the best spot for sunsets. The closest major international airport is Managua International Airport, just over two hours away.
(54 WORDS)

About Your Hosts
Samantha and Tim met while vacationing in Nicaragua in 2004. After traveling together for several months, they returned home – Samantha to Toronto, Canada and Tim to Brisbane, Australia. Despite time and distance, they never forgot each other and after a few years of Skype calls and visits, they decided to move to Nicaragua together and buy a hostel. They found Deep Lagoon, bought it, and the rest is history.
(69 WORDS)

Testimonials:
“Look beyond the great design, the glorious sunset view, the charming service and cleansing sea breeze... you'll see the world in a better light and you'll find one of Nicaragua's most relaxed and authentic experiences." – Stacey McCall, Hostel Guest (2013)

Nicaragua is one of my favorite destinations in the world and Deep Lagoon is one of my absolute favorite hotels. This is the kind of place that you take your shoes off as soon as you walk in and never put them back on. This is definitely one of those great gems. But whether you're taking a dip in the great pool or you're watching the stunning sunsets with a glass of Flor de Cana in hand–this is a place I would recommend to anyone."

"The 20-room hostel was small enough that we could book the whole compound for our yoga retreat, guaranteeing our guests a truly private getaway. More important, though, was the friendly spirit of the place and the people who work there. “By the end, the entire staff was part of the experience,” explains the bride. “Even the maintenance men would stop and cut you down a coconut."
For colours we like blues and greens


There should be a section about the number of rooms, the rate, and the amenities in each room. Here are the details and amenities:
20 double rooms
Queen-sized bed in each room
Two bedside tables
Desk or dresser
Air conditioning
Towels
Beautiful view
Room safe
Minibar
Telephone with overseas direct dialing
Ceiling fan
Ensuite washrooms with shower


Here’s the contact info:
Deep Lagoon Hotel, San Juan Del Sur, Nicaragua
T: 1-888-692-1356
F: 1-888-692-1357
E: info@deeplagoonhotel.com
